https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/chrome/%3Fbrand%3DRLNS%26utm_source%3Dgoogle.com%26utm_medium%3Dmaterial-callout%26utm_campaign%3Dsearch%26utm_content%3Dreinstall-to-stay-secure%26utm_keyword%3DRLNS&source=hpp&id=19019113&ct=7&usg=AOvVaw2A5kGRp94hCALOfNEMcrQA Google Chrome - Download the Fast, Secure Browser from Google Google uses cookies to deliver its services, to personalize ads, and to analyze traffic. You can adjust your privacy controls anytime in your Google settings or learn more. Ok, got it Menu Menu icon chrome logo Jump to content Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Sync Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome close drawer icon chrome logo Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Sync Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome The browser built by Google Download Chrome For Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit. I want to update Chrome For Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit. I want to update Chrome This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported. For macOS 10.13 or later. I want to update Chrome This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. I want to update Chrome I want to update Chrome Learn how to update I want to update Chrome Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service Built by google Browse with the power of Google With Google apps like Gmail, Google Pay, and Google Assistant, Chrome can help you stay productive and get more out of your browser. Explore Google tools Safety by design Take control of your online safety Chrome works hard to protect your data and privacy online. With easy-to-use privacy controls, Chrome lets you customize your settings and browsing experience to how you see fit. Explore safety Helpful features built-in Fast, easy-to-use tools for browsing From password check, dark mode, and the Google address bar, Chrome helps you get things done and stay safe online. Explore features Helpful Browser Tips Essential Chrome tips you should know about Sync Chrome across devices, learn keyboard shortcuts, organize tabs, and more with time-saving tips to help you get the most from your browser. Explore tips More from chrome Discover more tools and resources For enterprises Keep people and data secure with seamless updates and intuitive policy enforcement. Go to Chrome Enterprise For developers Develop websites for the next version of the open web with Chrome for developers. Go to Chrome Dev For early adopters Preview upcoming Chrome features before they are released with Chrome Beta. Go to Chrome Beta For explorers Get on the bleeding edge of the web and get nightly updates with Chrome Canary. Go to Chrome Canary Prev Next Get the Browser by Google Download Chrome now Follow us Youtube Twitter Facebook Chrome Family Other Platforms Chromebooks Chromecast Chrome Cleanup Tool Enterprise Download Chrome Browser Chrome Browser for Enterprise Chrome Devices Chrome OS Google Cloud Google Workspace Education Google Chrome Browser Devices Web Store Dev and Partners Chromium Chrome OS Chrome Web Store Chrome Experiments Chrome Beta Chrome Dev Chrome Canary Stay Connected Google Chrome Blog Update Chrome Chrome Help Chrome Tips Google Privacy and Terms About Google Google Products Help Help Change language or region Català - Espanya Dansk - Danmark Deutsch - Deutschland Eesti - Eesti English - Australia English - Canada English - United Kingdom English - Hong Kong SAR China English - Ireland English - India English - Philippines English - Pakistan English - Singapore English - United States Español - Latinoamérica Español - España Filipino - Pilipinas Français - France Hrvatski - Hrvatska Indonesia - Indonesia Italiano - Italia Latviešu - Latvija Lietuvių - Lietuva Magyar - Magyarország Melayu - Malaysia Nederlands - Nederland Norsk Bokmål - Norge Polski - Polska Português - Portugal Português - Brasil Română - România Slovenčina - Slovensko Slovenščina - Slovenija Suomi - Suomi Svenska - Sverige Tiếng Việt - Việt Nam Türkçe - Türkiye Čeština - Česko Ελληνικά - Ελλάδα Български - България Русский - Россия Српски - Србија Українська - Україна עברית العربية - المملكة العربية السعودية فارسی हिन्दी - भारत ไทย - ไทย 中文 - 中国 中文 - 中国香港特别行政区 中文 - 台灣 日本語 - 日本 한국어 - 대한민국 Close Get Chrome for Windows For Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit. For Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported. Get Chrome for Mac For macOS 10.13 or later. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. Get Chrome for Linux Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. Please select your download package: 64 bit .deb (For Debian/Ubuntu) 64 bit .rpm (For Fedora/openSUSE) Not Debian/Ubuntu or Fedora/openSUSE? There may be a community-supported version for your distribution here. Get Chrome for iOS Get Chrome for chromeOS Get Chrome for android Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service Note: Installing Google Chrome will add the Google repository so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date. If you don’t want Google's repository, do “sudo touch /etc/default/google-chrome” before installing the package. Accept and Install Accept and Install Accept and Install Get Chrome Download for phone or tablet Android iOS Download for another desktop OS Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit macOS 10.13 or later Linux Frozen versions Windows XP Windows Vista Mac 10.6 - 10.8 Mac 10.9 Mac 10.10 Mac 10.11 - 10.12 Looks like you’re already using Chrome browser. Nice! The device you have runs on Chrome OS, which already has Chrome browser built-in. No need to manually install or update it — with automatic updates, you’ll always get the latest version. Learn more about automatic updates. Looking for Chrome for a different operating system? See the full list of supported operating systems.https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/chrome/%3Fbrand%3DRLNS%26utm_source%3Dgoogle.com%26utm_medium%3Dmaterial-callout%26utm_campaign%3Dsearch%26utm_content%3Dreinstall-to-stay-secure%26utm_keyword%3DRLNS&source=hpp&id=19019113&ct=7&usg=AOvVaw2A5kGRp94hCALOfNEMcrQA Google Chrome - Download the Fast, Secure Browser from Google Google uses cookies to deliver its services, to personalize ads, and to analyze traffic. You can adjust your privacy controls anytime in your Google settings or learn more. Ok, got it Menu Menu icon chrome logo Jump to content Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Sync Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome close drawer icon chrome logo Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Sync Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome The browser built by Google Download Chrome For Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit. I want to update Chrome For Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit. I want to update Chrome This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported. For macOS 10.13 or later. I want to update Chrome This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. I want to update Chrome I want to update Chrome Learn how to update I want to update Chrome Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service Built by google Browse with the power of Google With Google apps like Gmail, Google Pay, and Google Assistant, Chrome can help you stay productive and get more out of your browser. Explore Google tools Safety by design Take control of your online safety Chrome works hard to protect your data and privacy online. With easy-to-use privacy controls, Chrome lets you customize your settings and browsing experience to how you see fit. Explore safety Helpful features built-in Fast, easy-to-use tools for browsing From password check, dark mode, and the Google address bar, Chrome helps you get things done and stay safe online. Explore features Helpful Browser Tips Essential Chrome tips you should know about Sync Chrome across devices, learn keyboard shortcuts, organize tabs, and more with time-saving tips to help you get the most from your browser. Explore tips More from chrome Discover more tools and resources For enterprises Keep people and data secure with seamless updates and intuitive policy enforcement. Go to Chrome Enterprise For developers Develop websites for the next version of the open web with Chrome for developers. Go to Chrome Dev For early adopters Preview upcoming Chrome features before they are released with Chrome Beta. Go to Chrome Beta For explorers Get on the bleeding edge of the web and get nightly updates with Chrome Canary. Go to Chrome Canary Prev Next Get the Browser by Google Download Chrome now Follow us Youtube Twitter Facebook Chrome Family Other Platforms Chromebooks Chromecast Chrome Cleanup Tool Enterprise Download Chrome Browser Chrome Browser for Enterprise Chrome Devices Chrome OS Google Cloud Google Workspace Education Google Chrome Browser Devices Web Store Dev and Partners Chromium Chrome OS Chrome Web Store Chrome Experiments Chrome Beta Chrome Dev Chrome Canary Stay Connected Google Chrome Blog Update Chrome Chrome Help Chrome Tips Google Privacy and Terms About Google Google Products Help Help Change language or region Català - Espanya Dansk - Danmark Deutsch - Deutschland Eesti - Eesti English - Australia English - Canada English - United Kingdom English - Hong Kong SAR China English - Ireland English - India English - Philippines English - Pakistan English - Singapore English - United States Español - Latinoamérica Español - España Filipino - Pilipinas Français - France Hrvatski - Hrvatska Indonesia - Indonesia Italiano - Italia Latviešu - Latvija Lietuvių - Lietuva Magyar - Magyarország Melayu - Malaysia Nederlands - Nederland Norsk Bokmål - Norge Polski - Polska Português - Portugal Português - Brasil Română - România Slovenčina - Slovensko Slovenščina - Slovenija Suomi - Suomi Svenska - Sverige Tiếng Việt - Việt Nam Türkçe - Türkiye Čeština - Česko Ελληνικά - Ελλάδα Български - България Русский - Россия Српски - Србија Українська - Україна עברית العربية - المملكة العربية السعودية فارسی हिन्दी - भारत ไทย - ไทย 中文 - 中国 中文 - 中国香港特别行政区 中文 - 台灣 日本語 - 日本 한국어 - 대한민국 Close Get Chrome for Windows For Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit. For Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported. Get Chrome for Mac For macOS 10.13 or later. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. Get Chrome for Linux Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. Please select your download package: 64 bit .deb (For Debian/Ubuntu) 64 bit .rpm (For Fedora/openSUSE) Not Debian/Ubuntu or Fedora/openSUSE? There may be a community-supported version for your distribution here. Get Chrome for iOS Get Chrome for chromeOS Get Chrome for android Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service Note: Installing Google Chrome will add the Google repository so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date. If you don’t want Google's repository, do “sudo touch /etc/default/google-chrome” before installing the package. Accept and Install Accept and Install Accept and Install Get Chrome Download for phone or tablet Android iOS Download for another desktop OS Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit macOS 10.13 or later Linux Frozen versions Windows XP Windows Vista Mac 10.6 - 10.8 Mac 10.9 Mac 10.10 Mac 10.11 - 10.12 Looks like you’re already using Chrome browser. Nice! The device you have runs on Chrome OS, which already has Chrome browser built-in. No need to manually install or update it — with automatic updates, you’ll always get the latest version. Learn more about automatic updates. Looking for Chrome for a different operating system? See the full list of supported operating systems.https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/chrome/%3Fbrand%3DRLNS%26utm_source%3Dgoogle.com%26utm_medium%3Dmaterial-callout%26utm_campaign%3Dsearch%26utm_content%3Dreinstall-to-stay-secure%26utm_keyword%3DRLNS&source=hpp&id=19019113&ct=7&usg=AOvVaw2A5kGRp94hCALOfNEMcrQA Google Chrome - Download the Fast, Secure Browser from Google Google uses cookies to deliver its services, to personalize ads, and to analyze traffic. You can adjust your privacy controls anytime in your Google settings or learn more. Ok, got it Menu Menu icon chrome logo Jump to content Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Sync Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome close drawer icon chrome logo Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Sync Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome The browser built by Google Download Chrome For Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit. I want to update Chrome For Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit. I want to update Chrome This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported. For macOS 10.13 or later. I want to update Chrome This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. I want to update Chrome I want to update Chrome Learn how to update I want to update Chrome Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service Built by google Browse with the power of Google With Google apps like Gmail, Google Pay, and Google Assistant, Chrome can help you stay productive and get more out of your browser. Explore Google tools Safety by design Take control of your online safety Chrome works hard to protect your data and privacy online. With easy-to-use privacy controls, Chrome lets you customize your settings and browsing experience to how you see fit. Explore safety Helpful features built-in Fast, easy-to-use tools for browsing From password check, dark mode, and the Google address bar, Chrome helps you get things done and stay safe online. Explore features Helpful Browser Tips Essential Chrome tips you should know about Sync Chrome across devices, learn keyboard shortcuts, organize tabs, and more with time-saving tips to help you get the most from your browser. Explore tips More from chrome Discover more tools and resources For enterprises Keep people and data secure with seamless updates and intuitive policy enforcement. Go to Chrome Enterprise For developers Develop websites for the next version of the open web with Chrome for developers. Go to Chrome Dev For early adopters Preview upcoming Chrome features before they are released with Chrome Beta. Go to Chrome Beta For explorers Get on the bleeding edge of the web and get nightly updates with Chrome Canary. Go to Chrome Canary Prev Next Get the Browser by Google Download Chrome now Follow us Youtube Twitter Facebook Chrome Family Other Platforms Chromebooks Chromecast Chrome Cleanup Tool Enterprise Download Chrome Browser Chrome Browser for Enterprise Chrome Devices Chrome OS Google Cloud Google Workspace Education Google Chrome Browser Devices Web Store Dev and Partners Chromium Chrome OS Chrome Web Store Chrome Experiments Chrome Beta Chrome Dev Chrome Canary Stay Connected Google Chrome Blog Update Chrome Chrome Help Chrome Tips Google Privacy and Terms About Google Google Products Help Help Change language or region Català - Espanya Dansk - Danmark Deutsch - Deutschland Eesti - Eesti English - Australia English - Canada English - United Kingdom English - Hong Kong SAR China English - Ireland English - India English - Philippines English - Pakistan English - Singapore English - United States Español - Latinoamérica Español - España Filipino - Pilipinas Français - France Hrvatski - Hrvatska Indonesia - Indonesia Italiano - Italia Latviešu - Latvija Lietuvių - Lietuva Magyar - Magyarország Melayu - Malaysia Nederlands - Nederland Norsk Bokmål - Norge Polski - Polska Português - Portugal Português - Brasil Română - România Slovenčina - Slovensko Slovenščina - Slovenija Suomi - Suomi Svenska - Sverige Tiếng Việt - Việt Nam Türkçe - Türkiye Čeština - Česko Ελληνικά - Ελλάδα Български - България Русский - Россия Српски - Србија Українська - Україна עברית العربية - المملكة العربية السعودية فارسی हिन्दी - भारत ไทย - ไทย 中文 - 中国 中文 - 中国香港特别行政区 中文 - 台灣 日本語 - 日本 한국어 - 대한민국 Close Get Chrome for Windows For Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit. For Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported. Get Chrome for Mac For macOS 10.13 or later. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. Get Chrome for Linux Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. Please select your download package: 64 bit .deb (For Debian/Ubuntu) 64 bit .rpm (For Fedora/openSUSE) Not Debian/Ubuntu or Fedora/openSUSE? There may be a community-supported version for your distribution here. Get Chrome for iOS Get Chrome for chromeOS Get Chrome for android Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. Learn more By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and Chrome OS Additional Terms of Service Note: Installing Google Chrome will add the Google repository so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date. If you don’t want Google's repository, do “sudo touch /etc/default/google-chrome” before installing the package. Accept and Install Accept and Install Accept and Install Get Chrome Download for phone or tablet Android iOS Download for another desktop OS Windows 11/10/8.1/8/7 64-bit Windows 10/8.1/8/7 32-bit macOS 10.13 or later Linux Frozen versions Windows XP Windows Vista Mac 10.6 - 10.8 Mac 10.9 Mac 10.10 Mac 10.11 - 10.12 Looks like you’re already using Chrome browser. Nice! The device you have runs on Chrome OS, which already has Chrome browser built-in. No need to manually install or update it — with automatic updates, you’ll always get the latest version. Learn more about automatic updates. Looking for Chrome for a different operating system? See the full list of supported operating systems.